README.md, before:

![header](https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=A2FFFF&text=&animation=twinkling&height=120)

[![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Alkatra&weight=500&size=45&duration=4000&pause=3&color=4FC9DE&center=false&vCenter=false&multiline=true&repeat=true&width=1000&height=100&lines=Welcome+to+Selena's+GitHub!👋)](https://git.io/typing-svg)

<div align="left">

## [AIR/DA] A Passionate Artificial Intelligence Researcher, Data Analyst

<div align=center>

[![Hits](https://myhits.vercel.app/api/hit/https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fsongmac?color=blue&label=hits&size=small)](https://myhits.vercel.app)
[![LinkedIn Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/selena-s-48b7312a0/?trk=public_profile-settings_edit-profile-content&originalSubdomain=kr)
[![Blog](https://img.shields.io/badge/Blog-4FC9DE?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://songmac.github.io/)

</div>

👩 [Introduction] I majored in biomedical engineering and currently work as a data analyst. <br>
💻 [Main Skills] I hold certifications in ADsP and SQLD, and am in the process of obtaining the Information Processing Engineer license(Korean national certification). <br>
👩🏻‍🏫 [Career] I worked as an instructor / assistant instructor / mentor teaching data analysis methods and tools to adult learners for a year. <br>
👩🏻‍🔬 [Career] With 3 years of experience in R&D, I am skilled in project planning and management. <br>
🌱 [Attitude] I actively enhance my skills by exploring various tools and contributing diligently to my work. <br>

## Languages and Tools

<div style="display:flex; flex-direction:row;">
  
| Categories | List |
| ------ | -- |
| Programming | ![python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white) ![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=007396) |
| Artificial Intelligence | ![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=for-the-badge&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white) ![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=for-the-badge&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white) |
| Database | ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-00000F?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Oracle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Oracle-F80000?style=for-the-badge&logo=oracle&logoColor=white) ![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) |
| Analytics | ![Tableau](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tableau-E97627?style=for-the-badge&logo=Tableau&logoColor=white) ![Power BI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Power%20BI-EDC03D?style=for-the-badge&logo=powerbi&logoColor=black) |
| IDE | ![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual_Studio_Code-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio%20code&logoColor=white) ![Jupyter Notebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/jupyter-%23FA0F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jupyter&logoColor=white) ![Colab](https://img.shields.io/badge/Colab-F9AB00?style=for-the-badge&logo=googlecolab&color=525252) ![Spyder IDE](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spyder%20Ide-FF0000?style=for-the-badge&logo=spyder%20ide&logoColor=white) ![Arduino IDE](https://img.shields.io/badge/Arduino_IDE-00979D?style=for-the-badge&logo=arduino&logoColor=white)  ![RStudio](https://img.shields.io/badge/RStudio-75AADB?style=for-the-badge&logo=RStudio&logoColor=white) ![Visual Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual_Studio-5C2D91?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio&logoColor=white) |
| Package/Env Management | ![Conda](https://img.shields.io/badge/Conda-44A833?style=for-the-badge&logo=anaconda&logoColor=white) ![Poetry](https://img.shields.io/badge/Poetry-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white) ![venv](https://img.shields.io/badge/venv-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white) ![virtualenv](https://img.shields.io/badge/virtualenv-003545?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white) ![Pipenv](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pipenv-306998?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white) |
| Cloud | ![Amazon AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Amazon_AWS-FF9900?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white) |
| Terminal | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/GIT-E44C30?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![Windows Terminal](https://img.shields.io/badge/windows%20terminal-4D4D4D?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows%20terminal&logoColor=white) |
| OS | ![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black) ![CentOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cent%20OS-262577?style=for-the-badge&logo=CentOS&logoColor=white) ![Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-0078D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows&logoColor=white) |
| Prototyping Platforms | ![Raspberry Pi](https://img.shields.io/badge/Raspberry%20Pi-A22846?style=for-the-badge&logo=Raspberry%20Pi&logoColor=white) ![Arduino](https://img.shields.io/badge/Arduino-00979D?style=for-the-badge&logo=Arduino&logoColor=white) |
| Scheduling | ![Notion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Notion-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=notion&logoColor=white) ![Outlook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Outlook-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-outlook&logoColor=white) ![Google Calendar](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Calendar-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-calendar&logoColor=white) |
| Office | ![Excel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft_Excel-217346?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-excel&logoColor=white) ![PowerPoint](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft_PowerPoint-B7472A?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-powerpoint&logoColor=white) ![Access](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft_Access-A4373A?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-access&logoColor=white) ![Word](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft_Word-2B579A?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-word&logoColor=white) |

</div>

## Activity Logs

<div align="center">

[![GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=songmac&theme=ocean-gradient&hide_border=true&date_format=M%20j%5B%2C%20Y%5D&mode=weekly)](https://git.io/streak-stats)

</div>

</div>

Commit message:

update : README.md without AI Researcher

README.md, after:

![header](https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=A2FFFF&text=&animation=twinkling&height=120)

[![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Alkatra&weight=500&size=45&duration=4000&pause=3&color=4FC9DE&center=false&vCenter=false&multiline=true&repeat=true&width=1000&height=100&lines=Welcome+to+Selena's+GitHub!👋)](https://git.io/typing-svg)

<div align="left">

## [DA] A Passionate Data Analyst

<div align=center>

[![Hits](https://myhits.vercel.app/api/hit/https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fsongmac?color=blue&label=hits&size=small)](https://myhits.vercel.app)
[![LinkedIn Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/selena-s-48b7312a0/?trk=public_profile-settings_edit-profile-content&originalSubdomain=kr)
[![Blog](https://img.shields.io/badge/Blog-4FC9DE?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://songmac.github.io/)

</div>

👩 **[Introduction]** I majored in **BME(biomedical engineering)** and currently work as a **DA(data analyst)**. <br>
💻 **[Main Skills]** I have certifications of **ADsP** and **SQLD**. And I am in the middle of obtaining the Information Processing Engineer certification(a Korean national certification). <br>
👩🏻‍🏫 **[Career1]** I worked as a **DA instructor and mentor** on data analysis projects involving with **LLMs** for one year. <br>
👩🏻‍🔬 **[Career2]** With three years of experience in **R&D** as a **Project Manager**, I am skilled in planning and project management. <br>
🌱 **[Attitude]** I work collaboratively for the team and approach my work with a strong sense of gratitude. <br>

## Languages and Tools

<div style="display:flex; flex-direction:row;">
  
| Categories | List |
| ------ | -- |
| Programming | ![python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white) ![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=007396) |
| Artificial Intelligence | ![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=for-the-badge&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white) ![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=for-the-badge&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white) |
| Database | ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-00000F?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Oracle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Oracle-F80000?style=for-the-badge&logo=oracle&logoColor=white) |
| Analytics | ![Tableau](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tableau-E97627?style=for-the-badge&logo=Tableau&logoColor=white) ![Power BI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Power%20BI-EDC03D?style=for-the-badge&logo=powerbi&logoColor=black) |
| IDE | ![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual_Studio_Code-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio%20code&logoColor=white) ![Jupyter Notebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/jupyter-%23FA0F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jupyter&logoColor=white) ![Colab](https://img.shields.io/badge/Colab-F9AB00?style=for-the-badge&logo=googlecolab&color=525252) ![Spyder IDE](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spyder%20Ide-FF0000?style=for-the-badge&logo=spyder%20ide&logoColor=white) ![RStudio](https://img.shields.io/badge/RStudio-75AADB?style=for-the-badge&logo=RStudio&logoColor=white) ![Visual Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual_Studio-5C2D91?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio&logoColor=white) |
| Package/Env Management | ![Conda](https://img.shields.io/badge/Conda-44A833?style=for-the-badge&logo=anaconda&logoColor=white) ![Poetry](https://img.shields.io/badge/Poetry-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white) ![venv](https://img.shields.io/badge/venv-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white) ![virtualenv](https://img.shields.io/badge/virtualenv-003545?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white) ![Pipenv](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pipenv-306998?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white) |
| Cloud | ![Amazon AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Amazon_AWS-FF9900?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white) |
| Terminal | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/GIT-E44C30?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![Windows Terminal](https://img.shields.io/badge/windows%20terminal-4D4D4D?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows%20terminal&logoColor=white) |
| Scheduling | ![Notion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Notion-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=notion&logoColor=white) ![Outlook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Outlook-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-outlook&logoColor=white) ![Google Calendar](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Calendar-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-calendar&logoColor=white) |
| Office | ![Excel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft_Excel-217346?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-excel&logoColor=white) ![PowerPoint](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft_PowerPoint-B7472A?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-powerpoint&logoColor=white) ![Access](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft_Access-A4373A?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-access&logoColor=white) ![Word](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft_Word-2B579A?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-word&logoColor=white) |

</div>

## Activity Logs

<div align="center">

[![GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=songmac&theme=ocean-gradient&hide_border=true&date_format=M%20j%5B%2C%20Y%5D&mode=weekly)](https://git.io/streak-stats)

</div>

</div>
